docs(nx-dev): improve docs for special syntax in nx.json (#15085)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/concepts/how-caching-works.md

}
```

<!-- Prettier causes the callout block to break -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

{% callout type="note" title="Special Syntax Explained" %}

- `{projectRoot}` is a key word that is replaced by the path to the current project's root directory.

> - `{workspaceRoot}` is key word that is replace by the root path of your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `{workspaceRoot}` is a key word that is replaced by the root path of your workspace.
```
